Q1. What will the following code snippet print? x = 10 
if x < 5:
    print("x is less than 5") 
elif x > 15:
    print("x is greater than 15") 
else: 
    print("x is between 5 and 15") 

a) x is less than 5 b) x is greater than 15 c) x is between 5 and 15 d) No output

 Q2. How can you execute multiple statements under a single if block in Python?
 a) Separate statements with a semicolon b) Indent the statements to the same level c) Use the and keyword between statements d) Use the elif keyword 

Q3. What will be the output of the following code snippet? x = 5
 if x < 3:
    print("x is less than 3") 
elif x == 3: 
    print("x is equal to 3")
 else: print("x is greater than 3")
 
a) x is less than 3  b) x is equal to 3  c) x is greater than 3 d) No output

 Q4. What is the primary purpose of the if statement in Python?
 a) To execute a block of code based on a condition b) To perform mathematical operations c) To repeat a block of code d) To define a function 

Q5. What is the purpose of the pass statement in Python? A. To terminate a loop.
 B. To skip the current iteration and move to the next. C. To act as a null operation or placeholder where code is syntactically required. D. To return a value from a function.  


Q6.What is the purpose of the if statement in Python? 
a.)To define a function b)To declare a variable C)To execute a block of code conditionally D)To create a loop 

Question 7 A B C Which of the following operators is used for equality comparison in Python? 
A a)== b)= c)=== D)>

 Question 8 B C D What will be the output of the following code snippet?
 x = 5 
if x > 0: 
    print("Positive") 
else: print("Negative") 
A A Positive B Negative C Zero D Error Question 9 B C D How do you represent the logical AND operator in Python? A A && B and C AND D &

 Question 10 B C D What is the purpose of the elif statement in Python? 
A A To handle exceptions B To create a loop C To define a function B C D D To check additional conditions after the initial if statement 

Question 11 In Python, what is the purpose of the else statement within an if-else block? A A To define a function B To check additional conditions B C C To execute a block of code when the if condition is false D D To create a loop 

Question 12 What is the output of the following code snippet?
 x = 10 
if x > 5:
    print("Greater than 5") 
elif x > 8:
    print("Greater than 8") 
else: 
    print("Less than or equal to 5")
 A A Greater than 5 B Greater than 8 C Less than or equal to 5 D No output 

Question 13 B C D Which statement is used to exit a loop prematurely in Python?
 A A break B exit B C D C return D continue

 Question 14 In Python, what is the purpose of the try-except block? A) To create a loop B) To check multiple conditions C)To handle exceptions D) To define a function

 Question 15 A B C D What is the output of the following code snippet?
 for i in range(5): if i == 3: continue print(i)  A) 0 1 2 3 4 B)0124 C)0 1 20 D)0123   

 Q16. What will be the output? for i in range(3): pass print("Hello") A) Error B) 0 1 2 C) Hello D) Nothing

 Q17. Which statement is used when a block of code is required syntactically but you do not want any action? 
A) break B) continue C) skip D) pass

 Q18 What will happen? if True: pass print("Python") 
A) Error B) Python C) Nothing D) True 

Q19 Which of the following is TRUE about pass?
 A) It ignores errors B) It terminates the loop C) It performs no operation D) It skips the next line 

20. Fill in the blank: The pass statement is a ______ statement. 
A) looping B) null C) conditional D) function 